EXT. OUTSIDE ON SUNSET BLVD

We see a homeless man

Woody - Male mid 30s local Hollywood bum. Raggy clothing, 
hair that hasn't been washed in probably a month. You can 
smell him through the screen.

Woody is walking through the streets. Montage of him 
stumbling through the streets, Hawthrone \ Gardner etc. 
Pillaging some dumpsters. Skipping around. Yelling at 
himself on the corner.

INT. GOODWILL - DAY

Woody is now walking into a thrift store. 'Goodwill' towers 
over as he enters. 
                         
                         CASHIER
            Hi Woody.

Cashier/Jan 20s - just graduated from the local community 
college. She works part-time. Sweet girl, would never harm 
a fly.
                         
                         WOODY
            Hi Jan.

Woody continues to walking by
                         
                         CASHIER
            New Men's shirt just came in.

Woody walks by not really hearing here. Whistling away.

Woody is now walking looking through some of the clothes. 
Then ends up towards some of the music records. 

Cut back to the front of the store

We see a very dressed up woman who walks in through the 
front door. 

May 20-30s when she walks into a room everyone notices. 
Seems a little out of place to be at a Goodwill, white 
everything.
                         
                         MAY
            Excuse me, sweets. Do you by chance 
            have any music albums?
                         
                         CASHIER
            Yes, in the back right corner.
                         
                         MAY
            Thanks darling.

May walks back into the corner. 

Woody is now playing around with some of the records. There 
is a record player he plugs in. 

May now takes notice of Woody.

He plays the record "Do you believe in Magic?"

Woody now moving his head back and forth to the music.
                         
                         WOODY
            "Do you believe in Magicc.."

Woody now sees May looking at him. 
                         
                         WOODY (cont'd)
            Oh, well Hi!
                         
                         MAY
            Hi..

May is pretty amused.
                         
                         MAY (cont'd)
            This is a song my grandfather would 
            always play. 

Woody starts dancing. They sort of dance similar to Pulp 
Fiction scene. Just a bit goofy.
                         
                         WOODY
            You're a great dancer. 
                         
                         MAY
            Good choice in song.(catches 
            breathe) What are you doing tonight?

May moves a bit closer to him.

Woody still high from the crack he hit earlier. 
                         
                         WOODY
            Well, I think it should include 
            dancing with you again.

May impressed. Gets out a paper. 
                         
                         MAY
            Go to this address tonight.

Writes down 1735 SummitRidge Dr Beverly Hills 90210
                         
                         MAY (cont'd)
            Come around 9pm. 

Woody still geeked from drug.
                         
                         WOODY
            Great. See you later lady.

May walks away and leaves the store.

Woody grabs the record. Walks to the cashier
                         
                         CASHIER
            She's pretty.

Rings out the album.
                         
                         WOODY
            Yeah. She gave me this.
                         
                         CASHIER
            9..0..2..1..0, Woody this is in 
            Beverly Hills!

Woody looks at it again.
                         
                         CASHIER (cont'd)
            That's some serious party! Hold on. 
            (beat) Here this jacket and pants 
            just came in today.

She goes and grabs a new Armani suit that someone dropped 
off.
                         
                         CASHIER (cont'd)
            A big donor gave this to the store. 
            I was going to keep it for Nick, but 
            I think you should wear it tonight!
                         
                         WOODY
            No, I can just wear this.

He looks obviously homeless. Not at all party attire.
                         
                         CASHIER
            Here. Just bring it back tomorrow.
                         
                         WOODY
            Okay, I can do that.

She looks him up and down.
                         
                         CASHIER
            Can you shower somewhere?
                         
                         WOODY
            If the corner house left out the 
            hose, yeah.
                         
                         CASHIER
            Ugh. Come on. Let me take you to 
            shower.
                         
                         WOODY
            I'll be fine.
                         
                         CASHIER
            Woody, it is in Beverly Hills. You 
            need to shower. Let's go.

Cashier yells out to someone in the back.
                         
                         CASHIER (cont'd)
            Jenny, I'll need you to close! 
            Thanks!

Jenny 70s year old woman who works at the store. 

She is just sitting in a rocker chair.
                         
                         JENNY
            What'd you say?








INT. PORSCHE CAYENNE MAY

She is playing Hall and Oats 'Rich Girl'. She is making a 
call. Someone answers
                         
                         MAY
            Hey! I invited someone to the party 
            tonight. For some reason, he just 
            stuck out. Can't wait for everyone 
            to meet him.

She hangs up. Cranks up the music and drives away. Happy as 
can be.

INT. CASHIER APARTMENT

Woody comes out of the shower looking entirely different 
and a lot more muscular and toned than expected.

He walks out in a towel.

Cashier is sitting on the bed.
                         
                         WOODY
            Do you have any deodorant? Feel like 
            rich people like that stuff.
                         
                         CASHIER
            Yeah, I use Old Spice just use mine. 
            (beat) Woody, you know you can 
            always stay here sometime if you 
            need a place to stay.

Woody drying off. Putting on the suit.
                         
                         WOODY
            Ahh, I think I'm good. I have a nice 
            tent on the corner of LaBrea and 
            Sunset.

Cut to a shot of the trash hole that is the corner of 
Labrea and Sunset. Cut back.
                         
                         WOODY (cont'd)
            It's quite a friendly place.
                         
                         CASHIER
            Oh well, okay..

Woody finishes up. Looks entirely different. Fully suited 
up.
                         
                         CASHIER (cont'd)
            Wow, Woody. You look --
                         
                         WOODY
            Ridiculous?
                         
                         CASHIER
            Nope. You look great.

She checks her watch.
                         
                         CASHIER (cont'd)
            It's almost nine. Let's get going.
                         
                         WOODY
            You don't think it is kinda weird 
            just to be invited to a party in 
            Beverly Hills, like what if they 
            kidnap me?
                         
                         CASHIER
            Woody, you're homeless. If you get 
            kidnapped that would be a blessing.

They both smile and the humor.
                         
                         WOODY
            You're right. What's funny is I 
            don't even know her name.











INT./EXT. BEVERLY HILLS MANSION

Music is playing we see a montage inside a the party. Good 
vibes all around. DJ house set in the middle.

EXT. HOUSE CASHIER CAR PULLS UP
                         
                         CASHIER
            Alright we are here.

Both really impressed with the venue.
                         
                         WOODY
            Welp. Hopefully I am at the right 
            party.
                         
                         CASHIER
            Good luck. Have fun! Just text me if 
            you need a ride.
                         
                         WOODY
            Okay, I doubt I'll even stay that 
            long.

Woody gets out of the car. And heads for the front door. 
Unsure do "rich people just walk in or do they knock?" As 
he is about the open the door. May opens it.
                         
                         MAY
            Hey!! You made it!!

She grabs his hand.
                         
                         WOODY
            Yeah, hey! Oh, I brought this.

Woody gives her the record that they were listening too.
                         
                         MAY
            Oh my god. You brought this?! You're 
            too cute. Get in here, I want to 
            show you to all my friends.

May pulls Woody by the arm into the house. We see how 
stunning everything on the inside is. The party is going.
                         
                         WOODY
            (yelling) So I don't think I ever 
            got your name?
                         
                         MAY
            May, like the month. You?
                         
                         WOODY
            Woody, as in like Wood with a y.
                         
                         MAY
            You're seriously too cute. I could 
            just eat you up.

Woody can't believe how this girl is falling from him. 

They continue into the house and go towards back of the 
house. There is a group of interesting looking people just 
kind of gathered around.
                         
                         MAY (cont'd)
            Everyone, say Hi to Woody!
                         
                         EVERYONE
            Hey!
                         
                         MAY
            He is mine tonight, so back the fuck 
            off.

Everyone but Woody laughs. A beautiful woman walks over.

20-30s female model. Probably 1 million followers on IG.
                         
                         FRIEND #1
            It is so great for you to join us.

Woody starts to feel a little strange.
                         
                         WOODY
            Yeah, I mean I just met May today 
            and she said to come by.
                         
                         FRIEND #1
            Is anyone expecting you home late?
                         
                         WOODY
            Uhh.. No?
                         
                         FRIEND #1
            Things get a little crazy around 
            here at midnight. Make sure you're 
            ready baby. If May isn't around, you 
            best believe I will be.

Leans in very close to him and whispers.
                         
                         FRIEND #1 (cont'd)
            Stay safe.

Woody again not sure what the fuck to think. May brings 
over a drink for him.
                         
                         MAY
            Here. Just drink this, I think it'll 
            get you where you need to be.

Woody slugs it down quick. Aftertaste is bitter.
                         
                         WOODY
            Yuck. This is strong, kinda taste a 
            bit like blood.
                         
                         MAY
            My favorite.
                         
                         WOODY
            What?
                         
                         MAY
            I said how weird?!
                         
                         WOODY
            What was in it again?
                         
                         MAY
            Just absinthe and molly.
                         
                         WOODY
            Oh, great.

All of the sudden. He is absolutely rocked by the drink. 
Everything starts to get psychedelic. Woody and May start 
to dance.  

Under The Moon 070 Shake plays

Woody and May dance throughout the entire house. Everyone 
is surrounding them. Putting their hands all over him and 
May. We see a clock on the wall move closer to Midnight.

Woody and May still locked in.

Woody happens to stare at the basement door he says. As if 
it is pulling him in. He starts to walk over.
                         
                         WOODY (cont'd)
            Hey what's in there?
                         
                         MAY
            Oh, don't you worry we will go down 
            there. How about we go out to the 
            pool? You aren't afraid to skinny 
            dip are you?

Woody with no hesitation.
                         
                         WOODY
            Nope. Beat you to the pool.

Starts to head for the pool. Taking off his clothing. He 
jumps in cannon balling, nude. May takes off her clothes 
and dives in. Giving the audience a wonderful view from 
behind.

Some of the girls inside notice and head out. They proceed 
to undress almost like it's something out a 90s teen summer 
movie. They jump in giggling. They swim up closer to Woody.
                         
                         WOODY (cont'd)
            Hey now, ladies!

They start to put their hands on him. Start to kiss him.
                         
                         WOODY (cont'd)
            Uh.. May?

May swims over.
                         
                         MAY
            I'm okay if you're okay.

She joins them and kisses him.


Camera now floats inside the party. Someone in the house 
cuts their hand on a lime they are cutting for their 
Corona.
                         
                         GUY WITH CUT HAND
            Hey, does anyone have a Band-Aid?

A innocent girl walks over. 

Another IG model with maybe only 500k followers.
                         
                         GIRL
            Oh yeah! Here just follow me.

The girl leads the guy down the stairs. The camera stays on 
the door as it closes slwoly.
                         
                         GUY WITH CUT HAND
            WAIT WHAT ARE YOU DOING?! NO!

We hear a bit of demonic sound.

We see the House DJ start turning up the music even more. 
The party keeps going as if no one knows what just 
happened.

People are still raging.

We see the girl come out of the basement door cleaning her 
face from the blood, and gives out a little fart.
                         
                         GIRL
            Opps. Hehe.

EXT. BACK TO POOL - NIGHT

It is just May and Woody now. We see a glowing full moon.
                         
                         WOODY
            Huh, would you look at that a full 
            moon.

May looks back.
                         
                         MAY
            The most holy of things. Mother Moon 
            is so wonderful to me.

May leans back her head and gives out a growl and her K9 
Teeth seem to get longer when she yawns and lets out a 
noise.
                         
                         WOODY
            I'm just going to pretend that 
            didn't happen.

May swims and hugs Woody.
                         
                         MAY
            You wanna dry off and I can show you 
            the basement?
                         
                         WOODY
            Yeah, maybe we can continue this 
            exact conversation inside?

May gives him a passionate kiss. May gets out.
                         
                         WOODY (cont'd)
            Give me a second my Woody down there 
            needs a second after that.



INT. HOUSE PARTY - NIGHT

The house seems to be empty but all music is still playing. 
May and Woody walk in from outside in towels.

May gets a small tincture out of the pantry. It is a 
glowing neon.
                         
                         MAY
            Here drink this, it'll have you 
            tasting sweet.

Woody is liking where this is going. Downs the shot.
                         
                         WOODY
            Yes, that was way better this time.

90210 by Travis Scott starts to play. May grabs his hand 
and starts to lead him downstairs. Things are a bit 
euphoric. Everything has a red light to it. It seems like 
they are walking forever. Eventually the light in the room 
fades out as they go deeper.
                         
                         WOODY (cont'd)
            Little hard to see down here May.

She squeezes his hand harder. She puts him against the 
wall.
                         
                         MAY
            Right here is perfect.

May suddenly locks his arms into shackles.
                         
                         WOODY
            Ohh, so you're this kinda girl, huh.

May smiles 
                         
                         MAY
            You ain't seen nothing yet baby.

She starts to kiss his neck. She starts to nible on his 
neck.
                         
                         WOODY
            Ouch, easy that kinda hurt.

All of the sudden his veins start to glow from the neon he 
drank. Woody looks and the veins in his chest glowing
                         
                         WOODY (cont'd)
            Whoa, is this part of the drink?
                         
                         MAY
            It makes it a little easier on me. 
            Want me to turn on the light?

May pulls back and flicks on a light. Spotlight now on 
Woody. Slightly dazed from the bright light
                         
                         WOODY
            I mean I am usually more of a in the 
            dark kind of guy, but this works 
            too.
                         
                         MAY
            Woody, I wanna show you the real me.
                         
                         WOODY
            What do you mean?

All of the sudden we are a church bell start to ring.
                         
                         MAY
            Woody, do you even know what I am?
                         
                         WOODY
            I mean I think you are a female? Who 
            just happens to live in this mansion 
            alone..

She starts to laugh.
                         
                         WOODY (cont'd)
            Ok that laugh it's getting kinda 
            creepy. What is going on?

May starts to turn into her Vampire state. 

May now looks like a crazy vampire! We watch and hear her 
transform.
                         
                         WOODY (cont'd)
            WOW, WHAT IN THE SATAN FUCK IS 
            THAT!?

The potion he was given, Woody starts feeling paralyzed 
from the neck down.
                         
                         WOODY (cont'd)
            I literally can't feel my legs! May 
            this isn't fuuny.
                         
                         MAY
            It's me Woody, I am so glad you 
            came.

Now all of the sudden the door flies open. A light beaming 
down from the door and a rush of them (vampires) come from 
upstairs. Demonic voices we hear.
                         
                         EVERYONE
            Woody, we are so glad you're here.

They all latch onto Woody. He is being eaten alive.
                         
                         MAY
            You're entire body is numb from your 
            neck down. So you won't feel a damn 
            thing. The only thing is you'll be 
            able to watch it all.

May now licks his cheek. Woody gives out a huge scream.
                         
                         WOODY
            Ahhhhh!

The camera in one shot goes back through the party of the 
house, we see a bunch of dead bodies from vampire attacks. 
The house looks completely different. It looks like someone 
totally flipped the house upside down. "Do you believe in 
Magic" plays in the background. 

Black Screen**

What really happened. (in text on the screen)

Rewind to the beginning of the film where they are at 
Goodwill. 

May taps his hand when first talking to him at Goodwill, 
and from that moment on we start to see everything we saw 
was only what Woody 'thought' happened.

May leaves like before and we see Woody checkout with the 
record like in the sequence. 

The cashier asks if he is okay. Woody gives himself a 
shower in the yard instead of the house of the cashier. He 
takes the bus and then gets let off at the bottom of the 
hill and the bus driver yelling to him "Just up that Hill". 

We now see Woody in a weird suit and walk up to the front 
door holes all in his clothes. May opens the door and we 
see her grab is hand. They walk in. 

We see all the bloody bodies still there. It is much more 
grotesque and looks like maybe they have been there for a 
few days. 

It is just her and Woody. They walk to the basement 
stairwell. Closes the door. 


FADE TO BLACK
